Agile:

        GARV/Report Six Sigma_IGNOU_123.doc
      

my last project was in agile in supply chain
we were developing PPS aaplication , divided tasks into sprints
initially we planned list of requirement
daily 15 minutes meeting where each covers ther work
after completion of coding/testing work gve demo to stavkholder
after completi, craeted next sprint for next task and in improvised way.

these thibgs happend on Rally. divide indididual task on their, ther are stage in rpogres to complte , give timing


Team member: design develop test, documentatin on confluence(businees analyst is part of team member sometime product owner is BA)
product owner: business owner snd msintain priority wish list of requirements
scrum master:helps team overcome issues, runs meetings and oversees scrum processes

download all slides and other materis;
download guide to agile business analysis

available at www.agileba.info
--------------------------------------------------------
PQMT:




PQMT is a one stop shopping with intergrated tool sets which keep track of Plant data, PQMT, CAR, Scorecards, IMT, Best Practices.




Features: 




·        It has dashboard by business, product lines, product grouping.  




·        Integration to GEE QMS.  




·        Qualitymanagement tool that provides the reporting functions easily 




·        Mature system customizable to changing business needs. 




·        Standarized reporting in every plant.

_----------------_---------------------------------


Hi

Pick-Pack Ship:




This application is used for




a)       Tracking picked items from Lift storage system




b)      Tracking shipments through RFID verification




c)       Tracking packing prediction for all orders




d)      Capturing any feedbacks for any item.




Digital Bins:




This application is basically for :




Tracking quantity of  items (nut/screw/bolt) at a particular rack. To provide a dashboard where the items quantity data from scales are been showed to the user and if the quantity reach below a threshold an alert is been triggered.




Dock To Stock:




   This application is implemented to overcome following challenges:




a)       Get clear visibility in receiving docks on what, when and how much.




b)      Provide good visibility on dock arrival and provide buyer to select slot reservation time

MES AKE REGARDING NIKHIL SE CONFIRM KAAR LENA


